                             REXX Exec LSPCR



Installation
============

Copy the LSPCR exec to a CLIST or REXX library that is allocated to
your TSO session.

Copy panels LSPCPNL and LSPCPNLH to a panel library that is allocated
to your TSO session.



Usage
======

The LSPCR exec executes the TSO command LSPACE and presents the results
in a scrollable panel.

To invoke the exec just enter TSO LSPCR on an ISPF command line. If you
do not enter any volume serial numbers with the command you'll see
output for all DASD volumes.

You can also enter:
    TSO LSPCR volser1 volser2 volser3 volser4 volser5 volser6

Where VOLSER1 through VOLSER6 are full or partial volume serial nubmers.
You can enter from one to six volumer serial numbers with the command.

When the LSPCR panel is displayed you can sort the display. Under the
heading of each column is a number. You can sort the display in
ascending or descending order by giving the column number and then
'A' or 'D'.

To sort the display in ascending order of free cylinders, enter
SORT 2 A in the ISPF command line. To sort the display in descending
order of VOLSER, enter SORT 1 D in the command line.

It is important to note that the sorts are only done within volume
serial groups.

For instance, if you have volumes listed that start with the letter
'B', and another set of volumes listed that start with the letter 'S',
the 'B' volumes will always appear before the 'S' volumes. It is within
the group of 'B' volumes and within the group of 'S' volumes that the
sorts will occur.

When you press PF3 or PF4 to exit the exec, the current volume serial
list is saved. The next time you use the EXEC, if you just enter the
command without any parameters, the previous list of volumes will be
displayed. You won't have to re-enter them.

Pressing the PF1 key while the exec is active will display a detailed
help panel for using the exec.
